Readme.md, before:

NBT.js [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sjmulder/nbt-js.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sjmulder/nbt-js)
======

By Sijmen Mulder and a host of wonderful contributors.

NBT.js is a JavaScript parser and serializer for [NBT](http://wiki.vg/NBT) archives, for use with [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/).


Usage
-----

After `var nbt = require('nbt')`, you can use `nbt.parse(data, callback)` to convert NBT data into a regular JavaScript object.
```js
var fs = require('fs'),
    nbt = require('nbt');

fs.readFile('bigtest.nbt', function(error, data) {
    if (error) throw error;

    nbt.parse(data, function(error, data) {
        console.log(data.value.stringTest.value);
        console.log(data.value['nested compound test'].value);
    });
});
```

If the data is gzipped, it is automatically decompressed first.

Tag names are copied verbatim, and as some names are not valid JavaScript names, use of the indexer may be required – such as with the nested compound test in the example above.


Development and testing
-----------------------

```bash
npm install  # Install development dependencies
make check   # Check code quality with jshint and run tests
make watch   # Automatically runs 'make check' every few seconds
make clean   # Remove generated files
```

Copyright
---------

I, the copyright holder of this work, hereby release it into the public domain. This applies worldwide.

In case this is not legally possible: I grant anyone the right to use this work for any purpose, without any conditions, unless such conditions are required by law.

Commit message:

Update readme for browser use

Readme.md, after:

NBT.js [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sjmulder/nbt-js.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sjmulder/nbt-js)
======

By Sijmen Mulder and a host of wonderful contributors.

NBT.js is a JavaScript parser and serializer for [NBT](http://wiki.vg/NBT) archives, for use with [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) or the browser.


Usage
-----

After `var nbt = require('nbt')` or `<script src="nbt.js"></script>`, you can use `nbt.parse(data, callback)` to convert NBT data into a regular JavaScript object.

```js
var fs = require('fs'),
    nbt = require('nbt');

fs.readFile('bigtest.nbt', function(error, data) {
    if (error) throw error;

    nbt.parse(data, function(error, data) {
        console.log(data.value.stringTest.value);
        console.log(data.value['nested compound test'].value);
    });
});
```

If the data is gzipped, it is automatically decompressed first. When running in the browser, `window.zlib` is required for this to work.

Tag names are copied verbatim, and as some names are not valid JavaScript names, use of the indexer may be required – such as with the nested compound test in the example above.


Development and testing
-----------------------

```bash
npm install  # Install development dependencies
make check   # Check code quality with jshint and run tests
make watch   # Automatically runs 'make check' every few seconds
make clean   # Remove generated files
```

Copyright
---------

I, the copyright holder of this work, hereby release it into the public domain. This applies worldwide.

In case this is not legally possible: I grant anyone the right to use this work for any purpose, without any conditions, unless such conditions are required by law.
